remove discord registration notes (#63)
bluesky-social/pds: README.md

# PDS

Welcome to the repository for the official Bluesky PDS (Personal Data Server). This repository includes container images and documentation designed to assist technical people with hosting a Bluesky PDS.

> Head over to the [AT Protocol PDS Admins Discord](https://discord.gg/UWS6FFdhMe) to chat with other groups and folks hosting instances!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head over to the [AT Protocol PDS Admins Discord](https://discord.gg/UWS6FFdhMe) to chat with other folks hosting instances and get important updates about the PDS distribution!
```
